<!--?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?--><!DOCTYPE html><html xml:lang="en-us" lang="en-us" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops"><head>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/base.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/kotobeeInteractive.css" />
<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../../css/global.css" />

    <script type="text/javascript" src="../../js/kotobeeInteractive.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="../../js/global.js"></script>

    <title>Preface</title>
    

<meta charset="utf-8" />
 </head>
<body>
<p><br />
<meta name="ProgId" content="Word.Document" /><meta name="Generator" content="Microsoft Word 15" /><meta name="Originator" content="Microsoft Word 15" />
<style type="text/css">
</style>
</p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-size:18.0pt; line-height:107%">Preface:</span></p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-size:18.0pt; line-height:107%">Dear reader, </span></p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-size:18.0pt; line-height:107%">“No one is too small to make a difference”. We were asked to work on a project that would satisfy the mentioned statement. I was asked to choose between 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). Which provides attention to various problems that our world is facing. The one that stood out to me as a prominent one was the resource consumption. Every day I used to see that lot of tan water was utilized for washing cars, watering plants and cleaning the house. This was practiced daily at my home. One afternoon I saw that m filter was giving out 2-3 times the water that was being consumed. I wondered how I could reuse this water to reduce the need for freshwater to clean cars and water gardens. </span></p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-size:18.0pt; line-height:107%"></span></p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-size:18.0pt; line-height:107%">When I started researching about the water that my filter was giving out, I learnt that the water is known as the water from the RO system or the filter. Many people believe that it contains harmful chemicals and has salt present in the water. To neutralize the salt more water has to be added. When I researched based in this online I came across information which mentions that the water from the filter should be mixed with distilled water with the ratio 1:3 in order to neutralize the water with the salt. I thought to myself that by doing this in most of the houses, people can start reusing the water which would help us in reducing the water scarcity. </span></p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-size:18.0pt; line-height:107%"></span></p>

<p class="MsoNormal"><span style="font-size:18.0pt; line-height:107%">By reading my short book you will see my whole journey and how my product turned out to be. Enjoy reading!!!</span></p>


</body></html>
